# Fotovolt

Fotovolt is an education digital escape game designed to support the learning of the photovoltaic effect -- the production of an electrical current in a semiconductor by exposing it to light--. Also, aim the interaction with the remote laboratory "Conversion of Light Energy into Electrical Energy" experiment {https://relle.ufsc.br/labs/10}, developed by the Remote Experimentation Laboratory (RExLab) {https://rexlab.ufsc.br/}. 

The user need to go through six levels to escape and win the game. The first five levels involve basic concepts of the photovoltaic effect: (1) light, (2) electricity, (3) conductive materials, (4) energy conversion, and (5) voltage, respectively. The last level involves interaction with the remote experiment. Being an escape game, the main goal is to solve challenges in order to escape rooms. The game flows continuously so the return to previous rooms is forbidden. In a bi-dimensional scenario, the students should point out and click objects with the mouse in order to interact with the game. In the last level, when the remote experiment appears, the students interact with it through the command keys. Only a part of the remote experiment appears to the students while the other parts are strategically hidden. The control of the LED array occurs via the interaction with the game mechanisms. To keep the student's attention while the experiment is being used by another student, a standby scene is opened and the student plays with a puzzle of objects that appear during the game.


Game elements such as theme and flow of actions were created with Unity (free version 5.5.0) and the bi-dimensional graphical design with the Adobe Photoshop CC. Developed in C\#, the game currently only runs on desktops with the Windows operational system. There may be compatibility issues.

